ServiceNow update for new features (#1623)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/approvals/service-now/index.md

| **_Not_** Change controlled| Change controlled| No approval required |
| Change controlled| **_Not_** Change controlled| No approval required |

## Getting started

> The Service Now integration requires Octopus **2022.2.5556** or later and an Octopus license with the Service Now Integration feature enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ServiceNow integration requires Octopus **2022.2.5556** or later and an Octopus license with the ServiceNow Integration feature enabled.
```

Author: Done

The title must match the format **exactly**, including the double-quotes.
:::

## Known Issues and limitations
### Respecting Change Windows

> - Pressing **TEST** on a ServiceNow connection that has not been saved will error. The workaround is to press **SAVE** and then open the connection flyout again and press **TEST**.

Reviewer: 👍

:::

In addition to a change request being approved, a change must also be in its schedule change window in order for the deployment to execute.  The change window is controlled by the `Planned start date` and `Planned end date` on the linked change request.

::: info
The following list assumes the linked change is in an **approved** state.
:::

- If no `Planned start date` and `Planned end date` are specified there is no change window and the deployment will execute.
- If only a `Planned start date` is set the deployment will execute on or after the defined date.
- If only a `Planned end date` is set the deployment will execute on or before the defined date.

> - If `Planned start date` and `Planned end date` are specified the deployment will execute on or between the defined dates.

Reviewer: This could be listed out as a table

              | No Start |  < Start | > Start
No End | Run now | Wait       | Run now         
  < End | Run now | Wait.      | Run now
 > End  | Fail.         | Fail.        | Fail

Or maybe not.

**If at any time a `Planned end date` is exceeded and the linked change request is not approved, the deployment will be terminated.**

## Known Issues and limitations

> - The approval status of a deployment is not evaluated until the deployment scheduled start time has been reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The approval status of a deployment is not evaluated until the Octopus deployment scheduled start time has been reached.
```

Author: Fixed
